We do not reconcile newer Istio CRs, only the oldest one (#273)
kyma-project/istio: docs/contributor/04-20-xff-proposal.md

## Details

> Istio CR must be present in the `kyma-system` Namespace. We reconcile only the oldest (sorted by creation timestamp) Istio CR in `kyma-system` namespace, all other Istio CRs will have error state after reconciliation. API specification on the root level is split into **components** and **config**. The **components** field specifies the subset of [k8s component specification](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/istio.operator.v1alpha1/#KubernetesResourcesSpec) for `pilot` and `ingressGateway` Istio components. For now, it's **hpaSpec**, **strategy** and **resources**. The **config** parameter holds configuration of `profiles`, support for XFF, Gardener DNS names' configuration, tracing, and DNS proxying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio CR must be present in the `kyma-system` Namespace. Istio Controller reconciles only the oldest Istio CR in the `kyma-system` Namespace, based on its creation timestamp. After this reconciliation process is completed, all other Istio CRs will be in the `error` state. API specification on the root level is split into **components** and **config**. The **components** field specifies the subset of [k8s component specification](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/istio.operator.v1alpha1/#KubernetesResourcesSpec) for `pilot` and `ingressGateway` Istio components. For now, it's **hpaSpec**, **strategy** and **resources**. The **config** parameter holds configuration of `profiles`, support for XFF, Gardener DNS names' configuration, tracing, and DNS proxying.
```
